README.md, before:

# F-16C CHEATSHEET

## HOW TO USE

Check the [Releases](https://github.com/Techneatium/F16_CheatSheet/releases) and download the latest PDF, then use as desired. The remaining files are the LaTeX source code

For ease of maintenance, no image file versions are maintained here. To convert this to a format directly suitable as an in-game kneeboard (e.g PNG) please use [DCS Kneeboard Builder](https://dcskneeboardbuilder.com/)

***

## WHAT IS THIS?

- A kneeboard-style `cheatsheet` for the DCS F-16C
- Intended to allow someone already knowledgeable about the tomcat's systems to quickly find necessary information
- For ease of maintenance, only the PDF is available here. To convert this to a format directly suitable as an in-game kneeboard please use [DCS Kneeboard Builder](https://dcskneeboardbuilder.com/).

## COOL FEATURES

Or at least what *I* think is cool.

### Hyperlinks. Lot's of Hyperlinks

To facilitate quick location of the desired information the front page's chevrons/thumbtabs act as hyperlinks to the relevant chapters. Then, the mini-table-of-contents at the start of each chapter are also hyperlinks to the sections and subsections. Finally, one can return to the front page at any time simply by clicking on the hatching at the top of the page in order to find the next piece of information.

### Thumbtabs

The front page chevrons and thumbtabs on the chapter pages are not just for show. If printed and cut they should act in much the same way as the thumbtabs on typical in-cockpit checklists. Additional cut lines are provided on odd pages as necesary.

### Styling

While the styling of this document is in no ways completely representative of actual documentation, it was chosen to feel *inspired* by actual NATOPS and Emergency Checklists.

***

## REPOSITORY - `TECHS CHECKS`

[**Check out my other Cheatsheets**](https://github.com/Techneatium/Techs-Checks) (Precompiled PDFs for various aircraft)

Commit message:

Feature/rebrand (#61)
* rename to `techschecks_f16`

* update document internal titile

* update license with cc by-sa for graphics

* update readme for new naming

* update disclaimer

* update README

README.md, after:

This is a guide for the DCS F-16C designed as a reference work to allow users to quickly look up what they need to know. It is intended to fill the spot in between the excellent guides Chuck, and full aircraft manuals provided by the developers. At the same time we leverage LaTeX to add quality of life features for the reader.

The "Gold Edition" label signifies a collaboration with [Goldwolf](https://www.reddit.com/user/goldwolf) to include custom figures and illustrations.

## Features

- Inspired by and intended to be _reminiscent_ of real aerospace documentation
- **100% custom vector graphics and figures** made by [Goldwolf](https://www.reddit.com/user/goldwolf)
- Compact size (< 2 Mb) ensures quick loading
- Lots of hyperlinks to enable quick navigation
  - from front page to each chapter
  - from any location you can click on the header to return to the front page
  - both the chapter and section name are hyperlinks to their beginnings respectively
- local tables of contents at the start of each chapter

## INSTALLATION

Check the [Releases](https://github.com/Techneatium/techschecks_f16/releases) and download the latest PDF, then use as desired. The remaining files are the LaTeX source code

For ease of maintenance, no image file versions are maintained here. To convert this to a format directly suitable as an in-game kneeboard (e.g PNG) please use [DCS Kneeboard Builder](https://dcskneeboardbuilder.com/)

## DISCLAIMER

THIS PROJECT REPRESENTS A PERSONAL PROJECT AND IS INTENDED FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY. DO NOT USE FOR REAL LIFE TRAINING OR SCENARIOS.

## REPOSITORY - `TECHS CHECKS`

[**Check out my other Cheatsheets**](https://github.com/Techneatium/Techs-Checks) (Precompiled PDFs for various aircraft)
